hello buddy hey everybody thank you for
tuning in to another episode for not
analog comm today I'm looking at the
Logitech UE 9000 headphones now just
remove this these these headphones are
are extremely good now they're active
noise-cancelling so that's why I
couldn't my you know hearing was
completely out I have it plugged in but
they're also bluetooth so to give you a
quick idea of these em of these
headphones they're built with parts
apart it is metal there is some metal
finishes on there but the majority of
the material is actually tr90 which is
actually a strong composite which is
used for good quality sunglasses you
know they don't snap easily and things
like that so there's still quite light
but they retain some really really good
strength which is an excellent thing in
headphones because you wear them on your
head now I did say that they were
bluetooth they are and they still have
active noise-cancelling you charge them
just for a micro USB port which is quite
common in phones and other devices now
which is great and and it's very easy to
use now like I had a plug in before you
can still use it as purely analog
headphones just like a standard pair of
headphones plugged in and the music will
come through and then you can flick the
switch still and and turn on the noise
cancelling which is great in case you're
you know not with a Bluetooth device
such as my laptop so that's really handy
and then obviously once I flicked the
Bluetooth on it connects to my phone for
example and I'm or any way I go I can
also use it for RAM for taking
hands-free calls because it's got the
microphone ports here reports if you
call it and yeah I can actually use it
to make calls and it's actually just
done that I flicked it on to bluetooth
it's already paired across so quickly it
just if you have a plugged in it
defaults to what they plugged into and
then if you unplug it it goes back to
bluetooth and then straight away pairs
and I've always got you know something
paused and ready to play on my phone so
it's so quick and automatic alike that
now does that look at the cups because
I'm you know suddenly have phones have
different fits for your ear now when I
put these on you really have to sort of
put it on and then adjust it to your
ears because you want to make sure you
get that proper snug fit you can see
I've kind of made sure it's all the way
around my ear because
you know whenever you're listening to
music if it's not probably put around
your ear and completely got a nice feel
you're going to get noise leakage in you
lose a bit of the quality so you don't
want that and you know the cup is a
little bit small so you have to sort of
really move it around and you're kind of
like you know pushing your ear into the
hole a little bit but that my ears is
substantially large it's just something
to keep in mind because if you do wear
just flat on after a while the pressure
is just going to get too much you're
gonna get annoyed after like a day's use
so there's something there now I love
the fact that you know it turns like
this because it can lay it flat on your
table and stuff like that when you're
not using it that's handy now the
buttons which I sort of mentioned before
the buttons for the Bluetooth turning
them on and turning the noise canceling
on and off as well it's really hidden
it's kind of actually underneath the
wedge which is it which is just a weird
spot and there's no easy way to get to
it you kind of don't really put your
finger in there it's kind of tricky and
the volume control buttons is very
simple here as well and you've also got
a bypass button as well which is which
is handy now obviously simple adjustment
things like you'd expect so fits most
heads and and it's quite easy to go the
cable has got a microphone built into it
as well with volume adjusters and so on
you know if you do use it personally
I've been using this just as headphones
and as headphones they're very good they
the range of sounds let me play through
this you know from R&B dance country
music classical and so on I've actually
been able to get good quality sound
through the whole range of music
normally I love your pair of headphones
it's quite bassy so it's been a bit
better suited for R&B music but this one
seems to manage the whole range really
well and they probably should because
actually retail for an $4.99 in
Australia so it's quite mine so they had
a little bit to live up to express it
for a brand Logitech is a very well
known brand in terms of high quality
headphones they're probably not as
well-known as as other brands so they
had to do a good job and I think they
have I think they've definitely packed
the value of a 500 pair of headphones
and the Bluetooth thing is just so
convenient walking even taking course
with this is handy but yeah enjoying
your music it's it's impressive you turn
active noise-cancelling on and it's very
good I did notice it was a bit better
quality was actually plugged in with the
active noise-cancelling on when it was
over bluetooth it was still very good
but you had a bit better quality was
actually physically connected
and with active noise-cancelling that
really helped as well definitely worth a
look if you are looking at buying your
headphones this Christmas season or
obviously later when you watch this
video and you have to check these out
just to be responsible and you know try
the one in the store and actually have a
listen because you'd be pretty surprised
so that's it if any questions let me
know
TI 90 that wasn't material I had to
learn about so if you don't believe me
look it up it's a it's a pretty strong
composite material really interesting
good quality headphones from Logitech I
am I'm excited to see what else they
come up with thanks watching guys bye